src/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
seo:
  robots: noindex, follow
draft: false
---

Since `processwire-recipes.com` went down and never came back 😔 I decided to play around with all the **ProcessWire Recipes** and moved it over to a fresh new instance of **11ty** running on **Cloudflare Pages** from within a public Github Directory.

## Recent changes

See more updates in our [changelog](/changelog/).

### Update: 2023-03-05

We now have full access to the old/former Github account and repository. In the near future there will be a slight change in submitting new recipes and changes.

### Update: 2023-03-11

[processwire.recipes](https://processwire.recipes/) is our new home now.

While this is already awesome we will soon switch back to the [old official Github repo](https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes) but with a new markdown format for upcoming recipes and updates.

See: [Forum announcement](https://processwire.com/talk/topic/7572-processwire-recipes/page/3/#comment-231247) and [Changelog](/changelog/)

## ProcessWire Recipes Legacy (Github)

This project is based on the great work done [Marcus](https://marcus-herrmann.com/). As his project went offline some time ago I put it online again - in a different but similar way.

- https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes

## ProcessWire Recipes 2023 (Github)

The new repository (based on the legacy version) can be found here.

- https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-recipes

Some day in the future additional recipes will be added from my personal collection.

- https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-snippets

### Site details

- This site went online on **2023-02-25**
- This site uses [11ty](https://11ty.dev/) to render `.md` files into `.html`
- This site is hosted on [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/)

### Issues? Problems? Questions?

- You can post issues, problems and questions on the [public repository](https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-recipes/issues)

### You want to add a recipe?

- Fork the [repository](https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-recipes/), add your recipes or changes, send a pull request

## Special thanks

- ❤️ [Marcus](https://marcus-herrmann.com/)
- ❤️ [Marcus @ marcus.io](https://marcus.io/)
- ❤️ [Marcus @ processwire.com](https://processwire.com/talk/profile/912-marcus/)

Commit message:

Internal links, SEO tags and assets Fixes #5

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
intro: "All about the ProcessWire.recipes project"
seotitle: "Check out why the ProcessWire.recipes project is right for you"
seodesc: "Everything about the ProcessWire.recipes project - and why it's a foundation for new and upcoming ProcessWire developers like you."
seorobots: index, follow
---

Since `processwire-recipes.com` went down and never came back 😔 I decided to play around with all the **ProcessWire Recipes** and moved it over to a fresh new instance of **11ty** running on **Cloudflare Pages** from within a public Github Directory.

{% image "src/assets/images/pwrecipes-pagespeed.png", "processwire.recipes page speed results", "", [full] %}

{% image "src/assets/images/pwrecipes-carbon-footprint.png", "processwire.recipes carbon footprint", "", [full] %}

https://processwire.com/talk/topic/7572-processwire-recipes/

https://www.websitecarbon.com/website/processwire-recipes/

https://docs.astro.build/en/recipes/

## Recent changes

See more updates in our [changelog](/changelog/).

### Update: 2023-03-05

We now have full access to the old/former Github account and repository. In the near future there will be a slight change in submitting new recipes and changes.

### Update: 2023-03-11

[processwire.recipes](https://processwire.recipes/) is our new home now.

While this is already awesome we will soon switch back to the [old official Github repo](https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes) but with a new markdown format for upcoming recipes and updates.

See: [Forum announcement](https://processwire.com/talk/topic/7572-processwire-recipes/page/3/#comment-231247) and [Changelog](/changelog/)

## ProcessWire Recipes Legacy (Github)

This project is based on the great work done [Marcus](https://marcus-herrmann.com/). As his project went offline some time ago I put it online again - in a different but similar way.

- https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes

## ProcessWire Recipes 2023 (Github)

The new repository (based on the legacy version) can be found here.

- https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-recipes (Website)
- https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes/ (Recipes)

Some day in the future additional recipes will be added from my personal collection.

- https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-snippets

### Site details

- This site went online on **2023-02-25**
- This site uses [11ty](https://11ty.dev/) to render `.md` files into `.html`
- This site is hosted on [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/)

### Issues? Problems? Questions?

- You can post issues, problems and questions on the [public repository](https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes/issues)

### You want to add a recipe?

- Fork the [repository](https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes/), add your recipes or changes, send a pull request

## Special thanks

- ❤️ [Marcus](https://marcus-herrmann.com/)
- ❤️ [Marcus @ marcus.io](https://marcus.io/)
- ❤️ [Marcus @ processwire.com](https://processwire.com/talk/profile/912-marcus/)
