src/pages/roadmap.md, before:

---
title: "Roadmap"
seo:
  robots: "noindex, follow"
---

In case you are interested in what's planned on here. This is a small outlook on what **_I thought_** could be a good idea of upcoming changes and content updates.

## Roadmap - content-wise

- ⭐ [Star this repo on Github](https://github.com/processwire-recipes/) **[THAT'S YOUR TASK!]**
- ☐ **Recipes** -- Merge latest changes back to old/orga repository
- ☐ **Topics/Tags** -- Overview of all topics/tags
- ☐ **Credits** -- List of all contributors and authors
- ☐ **wbmnfktr snippets** -- Merge [wbmnfktr/snippets](https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-snippets)
- ☐ **www** -- Add 11ty/www setup to orga repository
- ☐ **Community** -- Open submissions and collect community projects
- ☐ **[Snippets](https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-recipes/pull/3)** -- Testing, Review, and Release of VS Code Snippets
- ☐ **Blog** -- You know what this is all about
- ☐ **Guestposts** -- You know... guestposts in the blog
- ☐ **Tutorials/HowTo** -- /tutorials /howto /whatever we will see
- ☐ **Profiles** -- Introductions and details on available ProcessWire starters
- ☐ **Starters** -- Custom community based starter profiles
- ❓ **Categories** -- Adding categories to recipes?
- ❓ **Content ideas** -- What's next?
- ❗ **Form submissions** -- form-submission platform needed

---

**Ideas or suggestions? Let me know!**

Commit message:

Added PR CTA to page layout, updated macros, fixed roadmap and stack page.

src/pages/roadmap.md, after:

---
title: "Roadmap"
seo:
  robots: "noindex, follow"
---

In case you are interested in what's planned on here. This is a small outlook on what **_I thought_** could be a good idea of upcoming changes and content updates.

---

## Roadmap - content-wise

### Special Tasks

- ⭐ [Star this repo on Github](https://github.com/processwire-recipes/Recipes/) **[THAT'S YOUR TASK!]**

---

### ToDo

- ☐ **Topics/Tags** -- Overview of all topics/tags
- ☐ **Credits** -- List of all contributors and authors
- ☐ **wbmnfktr snippets** -- Merge [wbmnfktr/snippets](https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-snippets)
- ☐ **www** -- Add 11ty/www setup to orga repository
- ☐ **Community** -- Open submissions and collect community projects
- ☐ **[Snippets](https://github.com/webmanufaktur/processwire-recipes/pull/3)** -- Testing, Review, and Release of VS Code Snippets
- ☐ **Blog** -- You know what this is all about
- ☐ **Guestposts** -- You know... guestposts in the blog
- ☐ **Tutorials/HowTo** -- /tutorials /howto /whatever we will see
- ☐ **Profiles** -- Introductions and details on available ProcessWire starters
- ☐ **Starters** -- Custom community based starter profiles

---

### Open for discussion

- ❓ **Categories** -- Adding categories to recipes?
- ❓ **Content ideas** -- What's next?
- ❗ **Form submissions** -- form-submission platform needed

---

### Done

- ✔️ **Recipes** -- Merge latest changes back to old/orga repository
- ✔️ **Recipe Template** -- Updated fields
